[Magic Firewall] Update the bucket name in the packet capture doc (#20104)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/magic-firewall/packet-captures/pcaps-bucket-setup.mdx

		"status": "pending",
		"submitted": "2022-04-22T18:54:13.397413Z",
		"validated": "",

> 		"destination_conf": "gs://bucket-test", //NOTE: Please ensure you create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"destination_conf": "gs://bucket-test", // Ensure you use a bucket that you created and registered in the Cloudflare dashboard
```

> 	//your own bucket, have it registered in Cloudflare dash and use that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

		"status": "success",
		"submitted": "2022-04-22T18:54:13.397413Z",
		"validated": "2022-04-27T14:54:46.440548Z",

> 		"destination_conf": "gs://<bucket-name>", //NOTE: Please ensure you create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"destination_conf": "gs://<bucket-name>", // Ensure you use a bucket that you created and registered in the Cloudflare dashboard
```

> 	//your own bucket, have it registered in Cloudflare dash and use that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
